Add settings for initial limits (#78)
ietf-wg-webtrans/draft-ietf-webtrans-http2: draft-ietf-webtrans-http2.md

`WebTransport-Init` header field on the extended CONNECT request
({{flow-control-header}}).

The limits communicated via HTTP/2 SETTINGS apply to all WebTransport sessions
opened on that HTTP/2 connection.  Limits communicated via the
`WebTransport-Init` header field apply only to the WebTransport session
established by the extended CONNECT request carrying that field.

If both the SETTINGS and the header field are present when a WebTransport
session is established, the endpoint MUST use the greater of the two values for
each corresponding initial flow control value.  Endpoints sending the SETTINGS
and also including the header field SHOULD ensure that the header field values
are greater than or equal to the values provided in the SETTINGS.

#### Flow Control SETTINGS {#flow-control-settings}

Initial flow control limits can be exchanged via HTTP/2 SETTINGS
({{h2-settings}}) by providing non-zero values for

* WT_MAX_DATA via SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_DATA
* WT_MAX_STREAM_DATA via SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_STREAM_DATA_UNI and
  SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_STREAM_DATA_BIDI
* WT_MAX_STREAMS via SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_STREAMS_UNI and

>   SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_STREAMS_BIDI

Reviewer: Do you want to add forward references?

Author: Great idea, added in https://github.com/ietf-wg-webtrans/draft-ietf-webtrans-http2/pull/78/commits/13f622ff982d261277d9461bfcf03a8ab93a7617

send appropriate flow control signals for their limits; see
{{flow-control-intermediaries}}.

Initial values for this limit for unidirectional and bidirectional streams MAY
be communicated by sending non-zero values for
SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_STREAM_DATA_UNI and

> SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_STREAM_DATA_BIDI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_STREAM_DATA_BIDI respectively.
```

: This document

The SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_DATA parameter indicates the initial value
for the session data limit, otherwise communicated by the WT_MAX_DATA capsule
(see {{WT_MAX_DATA}}). The default value for the
SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_DATA parameter is "0", indicating that the

> endpoint will send a WT_MAX_DATA capsule within each session before its peer is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoint needs to send a WT_MAX_DATA capsule within each session before its peer is
```
...and the same for all future instances of the same.

allowed to send any stream data within that session.

Note that this limit applies to all WebTransport sessions that use the HTTP/2
connection on which this SETTING is sent.

Setting Name:

: SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_DATA

Value:

: 0x2b603744

Default:

: 0

Specification:

: This document

The SETTINGS_WEBTRANSPORT_INITIAL_MAX_STREAM_DATA parameter indicates the

> initial value for the stream data limits, otherwise communicated by the

Reviewer: Don't we want to split this?  WT_MAX_STREAM_DATA applies to each stream individually, but you might want to have different bidirectional and unidirectional stream handling.

Author: Good call, split these out in [5dec3cb](https://github.com/ietf-wg-webtrans/draft-ietf-webtrans-http2/pull/78/commits/5dec3cbe55823ef3f384a3e65ad2f6f985c0e3f6)
